web traffic definition (#646)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/marketing/index.md

## Definitions

### Web traffic

> Web traffic is measured in [users](https://www.lovesdata.com/blog/google-analytics-glossary#user). Unless otherwise noted, web traffic refers to traffic from the United States and Canada. If the web traffic is labeled `geo7` or similar, it refers to the web traffic from the US, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, Germany, France and Sweden. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web traffic is measured by analyzing two metrics: [all users](https://www.lovesdata.com/blog/google-analytics-glossary#user) and [organic users][https://theupperranks.com/blog/organic-search/]. Unless otherwise noted, web traffic refers to traffic from the United States and Canada. If the web traffic is labeled `geo7` or similar, it refers to the web traffic from the US, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, Germany, France and Sweden. 
```
